Canoe Tilting: from http://www.paddlermagazine.com/issues/1999_1/tilting.htm
        	Originating in the early 1930s, canoe tilting pits two paddlers standing atop the bows of canoes against one another in a battle of blows with padded, eight-foot-long spruce poles. While competitors joust, accomplices in the stern J-stroke to keep the canoe in place. The origins of the sport are unclear (it might have stemmed from canoe polers encroaching on each other's territory), but its rules are straightforward: the first one in the drink loses. If a contestant gets knocked into the boat, it constitutes a foul; three fouls and you're also out. 

Sepak Takraw: from http://www.subway.com/subpages/extreme/sepak/
	Sepak Takraw originated in Southeast Asia. It's volleyball, gymnastics and soccer all rolled into one. There are three players on each team and it's played on a court like the ones used for badminton. The rules are about the same as volleyball with two minor changes: The ball they use is a hard plastic sphere and the players can't touch it with their hands or arms. 
	(Due to the unique rules, this sport was heavily dominated by taller players who could lift their leg above the net to make a shot. But then a 5'2" Sepakker from Indonesia, Pakke "The Superball" Jursi, developed a move that completely changed the sport.  He invented the 360 degree,airborne, cartwheel spike. 
	In other words, he runs up to the net, does a back flip and while he's upside down and in midair,he kicks the ball 60 miles per hour into his opponent's head.)* 
	These days, the best spikers catch so much air that they're still above the net when their shot lands on the other side. A spiker may perform this move 120 times during a one hour match and that's without the use of Dramamine. 
()* - can be kept or deleted

Skittles: from http://users.iclway.co.uk/robinson/skittles/
	The traditional pub game of London Skittles is played with nine pins. Unlike other forms of alley skittles it is played not with a ball but a cheese, which is thrown (not rolled) at the pins.
	Unlike other traditional games of nine pins, London Skittles is played not with a ball but a cheese. This is thrown through the air, without bouncing, at the front pin some 21ft away. The game is scored by counting not the number of pins knocked down, but the number of throws to clear the frame. The player has a maximum of four throws in which to do this. The best score is therefore one, known as a floorer. The worst is a five, scored when there are still pins standing after four throws. The 'par' score is three, which only the best of today's players can average.
	The ‘cheese’ is actually is made of lignum vitae, a dense tropical hardwood. Cheeses vary in size and exact shape, most weighing about 10lb.

Pétanque: from http://www.petanqueamerica.com/
	Pétanque, pronounced "pay-tonk", one of Europe's most popular outdoor games, is a distant cousin of horseshoes and a close relative of bocce. The game originated in the Provence in the early 1900's. The aim is to toss, or roll a number of steel balls as close as possible to a small wooden aim ball, called "but" or "cochonnet" (meaning "piglet" in French). 
	Players take turns, and whoever ends up closest to the aim ball when all balls are played, wins. Unlike horseshoes, where the aim stake is fixed, petanques' aim ball may be hit at any time, which can completely turn around the score at the last second. And whereas the official bocce rules call for a prepared court, with markers and sideboards, petanque can be played on most outdoor surfaces, anytime you feel like.

Cup Stacking: (Anitra)
	In cup stacking, participants stack specially designed cups into predetermined pyramids and then un-stack them back into columns as quickly as possible. Used primarily to teach children confidence and ambidexterity, cup-stacking can be either an individual or team sport. Cup stacking is much touted as a sport for all ages and abilities.

Kabbadi: from http://www.goindiago.com/sports/kabaddi/kabaddi1.htm
	In Kabaddi, two teams compete with each other for higher scores, by touching or capturing the players of the opponent team. Each team consists of 12 players, of which seven are on court at a time, and five in reserve. The two teams fight for higher scores, alternating defence and offense. The court is as large as that for a dodge ball game. 
	The side winning the toss sends a 'raider', who enters the opponents' court chanting, 'kabaddi-kabaddi'. The raider's aim is to touch any or all players on the opposing side, and return to his court in one breath. The person, whom the raider touches, will then be out. The aim of the opposing team is to hold the raider, and stop him from returning to his own court, until he takes another breath. If the raider cannot return to his court in the same breath while chanting 'kabaddi', he will be declared out. Each team alternates in sending a player into the opponents' court. If a player goes out of the boundary line during the course of the play, or if any part of his body touches the ground outside the boundary, he will be out, except during a struggle. 

Dressage: http://www.pvda.org/about_pvda/what_is_dressage.html
	The word "dressage", derived from a French term meaning training, is not only a widely used method of training horses, but also a competitive equestrian sport where horse an rider strive for perfection in the performance of complex "test" patterns (much like in figure skating). An English style of riding, dressage is one of the three equestrian sports in Olympic competition. 
http://www.riding-for-sport-dressage.com/
	In dressage competitions, the horse and rider perform in tests that display the horse’s balance, obedience, and suppleness. The competitions themselves are much like figure skating, in which the athlete must perform a specific set of maneuvers. In dressage, the rider and horse demonstrate three basic gaits (walk, trot, and canter), and ride a number of patterns that include circles and figure eights. At more advanced levels, the skills and patterns become more complicated, including diagonals, serpentines, flying changes, and pirouettes. Clearly, these are lovely to watch. Among the more interesting movements are the piaffe, a highly “collected” movement in which the horse trots on the spot, and the passage, an elevated trot that makes the horse appear to float!

Horse Vaulting: http://www.americanvaulting.org/
	Horse vaulting is most easily described as gymnastics performed on the back (or other parts) of a moving horse. As in many other forms of athletic competition (figure skating for example), participants are judged on both a set of compulsory moves, and in freestyle competition called (in German) a Kür. 
	With a history extending back to Roman sports, vaulting requires the teamwork of the vaulter, horse and longeur, who controls the horse in a circle on a longe line. Vaulters may compete as individuals, in pairs, or as a team.



highland games events (turning the caber, etc): http://www.maclachlans.org/festival.html#FS2
